There once... was a man named Jim. Jim was a good man with a heart of gold... He would do anything if it meant helping another with their problems. One day, Jim was walking through the public pool, when he spotted something suspicious... There was a child drowning! And the life guard was on lunch break!

Of course Jim would help! There was no doubt. But wait ... Jim does not know how to swim. Worse still, he is pretty much allergic to a big body of water. He never goes to any pool or lake or beach because that scares the xyz out of him. But the kid was actually drowning! What should he do???

As Jim looks to his right he finds a lifebuoy hanging on the wall of the ice cream shack. He sprints as fast as he could and grabs it and then he throws it right on top of the child who grabs it. Then Jim pulls the him with all his might and strength until the kid is back into land. About five minutes have a passsed and a fancy man with a suit comes to Jim and it turns out it is the father of the child who happens to be the owner of the ice cream shack! The man thanks Jim and gives him lifetime supply of ice cream.

Jim and that man had a little talk when he was making the ice cream, "You did the right thing, and here is your reward!" the man said, "and you've got pretty good luck, we make one of the best ice cream in the States! During summer there will be tons of people waiting in line to buy it.. and you, will no longer need to do that, we'll have your spot resevered forever" "Oh! That's so nice of you" said Jim, "I love ice cream!" "Here you go!" A beautiful ice cream with three scoops comming out..

Yum! Jim had neever been much of an ice cream fan before, but... How could he pass up the chance? Especially when he was broke and always in need of a good supply of food... And so he would continue to eat ice cream, day after day, gaining weight with every passing week. By the end of the year, he was twice as fat as he had been before he saved the child - and the year after that, he would pass away at the ripe age of 28 by means of a heart attack. The lesson here is, of course, to never save drowning children. The END.
